README.md, before:

![YAFNET](https://yaf.s3.amazonaws.com/images/logos/YAFNET-Logo-200px.png)

*YetAnotherForum.NET* _(YAF.NET)_ is an Open Source Discussion Forum for sites running ASP.NET. 100% written in C#. YAF.NET runs on any web server that supports ASP.NET v4.0 and SQL Server 2005 or above.

*YAF.NET* is a feature rich communication platform combining an International Open Source community and the Microsoft's technologies.

![projectbadge](http://www.ohloh.net/p/yaf/widgets/project_partner_badge.gif)


### Features

[Full Feature List](https://github.com/YAFNET/YAFNET/wiki/YAF.NET-Features).

## DNN® (DotNetNuke) Module

This is the DNN Module Version of YetAnotherForum.NET which runs YAF inside a Module (DotNetNuke 06.02.00 or higher).

### Screen Shots

![mainscreen](http://www.watchersnet.de/Portals/0/screenshots/dnn/YafScreenShot2.png)

Admin Control Panel
![adminpanel](http://www.watchersnet.de/Portals/0/screenshots/dnn/YafAdminPanel.png)

There is also a Second Child Module the *YAF.NET Forums What's New* Module which shows The Latest Posts in a List
![whatsnew](http://www.watchersnet.de/Portals/0/screenshots/dnn/ScreenshotYafLatestPosts.jpg)

## Demo Forum

A "sandbox" test forum is available here: http://testforum.yetanotherforum.net/.

### Support
 
* Free Community based Support Forum here: http://forum.yetanotherforum.net/.


### Community Support Forum

See a real live YAF Forum by visiting the Yet Another Forum.NET community support forum: http://forum.yetanotherforum.net. Also, get your questions answered by the YAF community.

## License

Yet Another Forum.NET is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license.

Commit message:

Updated the README to exclude project-specific files and VS2015 files. Also added instructions for new developers to follow.

README.md, after:

![YAFNET](https://yaf.s3.amazonaws.com/images/logos/YAFNET-Logo-200px.png)

*YetAnotherForum.NET* _(YAF.NET)_ is an Open Source Discussion Forum for sites running ASP.NET. 100% written in C#. YAF.NET runs on any web server that supports ASP.NET v4.0 and SQL Server 2005 or above.

*YAF.NET* is a feature rich communication platform combining an International Open Source community and the Microsoft's technologies.

![projectbadge](http://www.ohloh.net/p/yaf/widgets/project_partner_badge.gif)


### Features

[Full Feature List](https://github.com/YAFNET/YAFNET/wiki/YAF.NET-Features).

## DNN® (DotNetNuke) Module

This is the DNN Module Version of YetAnotherForum.NET which runs YAF inside a Module (DotNetNuke 06.02.00 or higher).

### Screen Shots

![mainscreen](http://www.watchersnet.de/Portals/0/screenshots/dnn/YafScreenShot2.png)

Admin Control Panel
![adminpanel](http://www.watchersnet.de/Portals/0/screenshots/dnn/YafAdminPanel.png)

There is also a Second Child Module the *YAF.NET Forums What's New* Module which shows The Latest Posts in a List
![whatsnew](http://www.watchersnet.de/Portals/0/screenshots/dnn/ScreenshotYafLatestPosts.jpg)

## Demo Forum

A "sandbox" test forum is available here: http://testforum.yetanotherforum.net/.

### Getting Started with Development

This project is dependent upon the parent solution, YAFNET.  This requires that the steps you follow be specific.

1. Create a local directory for your project o live, such as C:\dev\YAFDev\ (just an example path).
2. Fork this YAFNET-DNN project into your account and then clone it into the local folder you just created. There should now be a C:\dev\YAFDev\yaf_dnn\ folder, as well as a README and other Git files.
3. (Optional) Attach an upstream to this YAFNET-DNN project in Git.
4. Download a copy of the Master branch of [the YAFNET project](https://github.com/YAFNET/YAFNET), and extract to the main folder. The resulting path should be C:\dev\YAFDev\yafsrc\.
5. Open and then build the YAFNET solution.
6. Open and then build the YAFNET-DNN solution.

Congratulations! You're now ready to begin development.

### Support
 
* Free Community based Support Forum here: http://forum.yetanotherforum.net/.


### Community Support Forum

See a real live YAF Forum by visiting the Yet Another Forum.NET community support forum: http://forum.yetanotherforum.net. Also, get your questions answered by the YAF community.

## License

Yet Another Forum.NET is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license.
